we're gonna start out with the
initiatives
I guess I'm actually first up here a
copious release process
we're hitting stage 3 today assuming
that no one is ejected and so far no
one's objected no more sign ups but once
we get those we will be tractor moving
to testing gun feste in production our
latest release production upgrading the
testing process that's right and then
the next phase no there's no progress
yet so testing progress is nothing new I
mean drug tests are fixed but no Joey
first the bugs we have exact but mostly
the focus has been on building
infrastructure not the specific unit
test without the best benchmarks Ellen
hey yeah
okay so benchmarks the old not old at
all actually the benchmarks or ipfs top
team stopped working a few weeks ago and
has since been resurrected it was it got
restarted for some reason and there is a
piece of thing to to just make sure that
it starts up everything that should be
running when it comes back online so
that was pretty easy to fix in in
hindsight and there is a cool video
where on Wednesday last week we had a
great kind of conversation about
benchmarks in general and what's gonna
happen with them that video that I've
linked to there is worth watching but
one of the things that is in that video
is me talking through the benchmarks
where a site and how it works and what
infrastructure is there and so the kind
of I guess to summarize that they exist
and they have been focused on largely on
like Jeff's ipfs and they can't they'd
work very well if you would like to
write a benchmark or you have like some
some idea for a benchmark that you need
to see because it's something you're
working on and then please come and have
look at that let me link to the repo
it's just I BFS thought splash
benchmarks but it will be cool if we got
other people writing benchmarks for this
very cool okay all right I'll do that
later
anyway so the what I'm doing now is I am
just looking at the benchmark time
seeing what what we can do to make it
more useful to go ipfs because largely
focused around j like the best i'm going
to be working on that and hopefully came
up speed so that it it will it will be a
useful resource for go i profess as well
as json and so that's been fun just try
and paste that URL again okay
[Music]
it's on mute so I guess now it's got
reflection by pinning Dirk and or Allen
yep it's there yeah I guess I can
tripped as well I'm sorry the siren to
me typical it is there's essentially no
news in garbage collection the the PR
has is still outstanding and I haven't
had another chance to look at it but it
is it is there and we want to continue
with it could unless you have any other
news on that yeah I guess so I'm not
really sure where to focus priorities
because I you know in q3 I'm working on
ipfs ad performance where I was until
last week and then there's also a new
project coming on that I'm going to be
on full time so I'm kind of full time on
three projects so I'm I'm gonna have to
drop something I guess or work a lot not
sleep anymore I understand it was the
tentative flame was to have Alan kind of
take the lead on landing the PR and said
that you don't have three full-time
projects hopefully can just just have
one but live is also a full-time on
getting benchmarks working so well yeah
I think that's a stock or later yeah I
mean I'll I will make slow progress on
all of the things essentially the more
things that I'm screwed up around and
this yeah it's more so as time get
progresses trying to just focus on one
thing but yeah I will
if no one else is able to work on it and
I mean it is essentially in my repo
I'll have to pick it up yeah I don't I
don't have a good answer for that I just
want to check do we want to talk about
this kind of like management stuff right
now and should we wait till the end
yeah we could leave it till the end
okay or we could talk about it
separately you don't rehearse a lot okay
so don't get around it I know Alan Jacob
yeah I've put this one so I can quickly
give her an update the HTTP connection
pole exertion
beast got time it's fixed in the latest
version of delegated modules for
delegated routing modules for content
and peers as well as we back ported them
for the older version which was not
passing quite because the latest one did
not work with the version of lead a
sleepy to key that we will ship
with jessep EFS and having heard those
fixes back ported through the older
branch enable us to ship those fixes
sooner than later
and you also had a good idea to make
sure we run HTTP 2 on our preload
interrogate notes so we just use one
connection and multiplex request on top
of one connection instead of risking
having 40 points so yep Steven are we
going to put on attractions between the
nginx proxy and the API so what what do
we put there yeah it's like we have an
internet proxy it then talks to the API
is that it is each text box clips and
recollections to the API yeah like my
understanding is that because right now
the
ipfs i/o supports HTTP 2 but for some
reason our preload not do not and I
imagine HTTP to support assad the nginx
so it's just a matter of it's sort of
like dog food a little bit delegated
through thinking and by the jsf EFS
training in brave with this 0.2 branch
and seems to work much better there's
like the number of requests dropped
significantly and i'm working on similar
fixes for HTTP dns lookups over HTTP and
preload notes in j sacrifice and i
should run that but that's not related
to take it through yep okay so next up
yeah gossip sub Baskar all right so
regarding gossip sub i wasn't writing it
with difference last week and i did the
problem with the Jessup FS test which i
worked and basically the vessel
implementation was not supporting self
subscribe in a way that you subscribe
and that your angular and then you
publish it in your received through your
handler is jessica fastest expect so
basically I made peers for that in
gossip surveilling that as a optional
parameter so that we can use that in
argumentation and from the chain safe
guys they basically can use that as they
intend to and I also added that that
option to for serve as well to be
similar in the way we use both and so
now I'm just blot on the gossip sub
release on their ends in order to get it
subtitle in package action and we can
merge stuff Jacob all already reviewed
Jessup its PPR and it should be good to
go once they release the package and
then I will ping Alan for the review it
should be really fast to review it and
it also as the configurations for
enabling it as go idea fest that's and
that's it okay
I I much the only no understood the main
gateways I have like feedback from that
the the poppy team on using PRI DS as
see IDs or so I can already para to see
these macros I store them in SC IDs in
text Vasco's already comic illness but I
guess no one else here is actually up on
that team
so actually I'm taking my fatzke has not
Jacob has we can we've got the Lupita
precinct right up for this so we can I
have a question about multi base but
it's somewhat somewhat unrelated it
could could just don't blockers so yeah
cause well for sure
sounds good okay let's see it's been up
consolidation
yeah so I started the interface
migration for lib p2p ransom issues I'm
just trying to make that same for people
to require should be able to finish that
this week and I've got a PR out for
starting with the switch pulling that
into J slippy to be instead of it
standing alone I'm just trying to work
on avoiding polluting the J slippy to be
commit history because we're pulling in
so many modules that could get nasty
pretty quickly but also trying to make
sure that we maintain the contributors
as part of that pull over so I have a
issue here link to that if you care
about that at all please look at that PR
and comment otherwise I should be able
to finish that this week as well that is
it okay let's see distributed well
signaling so it's saying yeah so edit
that as a new initiative but it's
something we've been talking about for a
couple weeks so there is a spec for
handling distributed and a distributed
approach to signaling one of the things
that we talked about
is doing a SDP exchange over circa relay
connection so one of the things I want
to try to look at this week is getting a
proof of concept of that SDP exchange
happening over circuit relay and then
work on flushing out the spec for that I
think there are variety options that we
can look at for that but that seems to
be the the quickest win that we can get
is going over a circle relay okay I my
penis you know yeah so mostly still
working on pub/sub PRS so get to this
arc and I'm going to be moving some of
the the name sis code into its own
package so that people can use it
outside of talk of us if you have
thoughts about that I think the issue
I've also been doing yeah so back to the
purpose of PRS i realize that i'm not
sure i'd like you know detailed the high
overview what's going on implementation
wise for anyone j s land who is
interested mostly there's gonna be some
notifications for what peers join and
leave join and leave a channel we're
gonna have discovery being called
internally and we have this Golub p2p
pub/sub router like a value store on top
of pub/sub that we can use for things
like in US and that's gonna have a
custom protocol for asking for the
latest updates for stuff thank you lots
to stephen for like getting me reviews
so that I can do things alright and yeah
so I'm gonna you go I don't fit anything
I can ever do nice things you want to
tell people so the status on some of
that stuff on my end is kind of halted
at the moment just because we need to
come to some agreement like calm discuss
some of that stuff and figure out how
it's going to work across projects um
that is just a conversation we need to
have specifically I think you're going
to be in
with that so we can talk about it I'm
Hugo I don't know if you have anything
to add to that right now I'm still going
through some pr's and need to line on
this to properly shape everything and
when I'm ready to actually shape the
router I will probably set up meeting
everyone interesting I mean I've been
asked to figure out everything we need
to this the most important important
train and then meaning there's going to
be out to handle multiple roads in a
fraction endo on Jess
it's very mushy or something to track
this coordination work I have any sure
to track my progress on the coordination
issue we have a couple of things in the
IP Ness the English specs before I think
again I'm right I think I'm right about
it but it's not like formal thing about
like integrating everything just some
thoughts that we dumped in there about
naming and about multiple errors and
everything but we will probably start
from there the discussion is how to
intuit everything so it is is respecting
progress there's there's a yeah there's
an issue with some spec talking about
for what do we do once we have multiple
routers I don't think we have a spec yet
for idns / DNS similarly you don't have
a explicit spec for the IPS over pub/sub
as an independent transport until that
gets like finalized
I think it'd be really useful if we took
if we issues ruffling current state of
things and what needs to happen next and
because I think we might end up in a
state where we're not clarifying things
sorry I can't do this sorry I drives me
crazy I don't know what it sounds like
for you guys but like I just keep
hearing like a blip of myself BAM
to do reflects like the current state of
things and what what needs to be done
left because right now I think the the
checklist there is like maybe a little
bit out of date in the 2:05 issue so if
we can clarify like the next steps or
what the question is that we need input
on I think we can get you guys a better
better unblocked versus just knowing
that there is some decision that has to
happen but not having clarity on what it
is
so can you clarify that a little bit the
2:05 spec is like not super the 2:05
issue is like not super old or anything
that's from like that's from like a
month ago
only through the things we need on each
side especially like me on the DNS side
and j SI anna de mon of subside on the
go side and after that we need to either
start with implement in pubs or on Jas
or dnas on oh then we need to work it
out but right now we just finish our
work two hours ago I go pops up and Jas
DNS after that is finished we will
progress with other stuff that's the
current state as I hear it
and apologies I misspoke I meant the the
mm I didn't realize which link I'd
clicked
okay that's that's that one it's fine
it's not I have played it a little bit
as we did the okay ours
and that's basically up to date that's
the stuff I need to do before we can get
a more brother conversation about
implementing of savages and that one I
think it includes getting the goal DNS
working you would assume it's not there
you mean DNS / abs or IP never dienes
basically both okay but for a penis
everything has to be really nice let us
back so that we can talk about it a
moment like it's kind of like reverse
engineering
I guess fine I'm being hypocritical here
because this is have JavaScript was
built just missed okay it's reverse
engineering from GS yes it's hard to
talk about it yeah yeah that's what I
mean I need to go through a couple of
those tasks there and I'll finish this
bike and so over to be Dominic and get
go router working with this bike okay
anyone else have any other questions on
this special points okay
next migration vault a hash keys and
data in the datastore I can do this a
little bit so we have we have Adam on
the call who's been building a repo
migrator for Jas so that we can move
between different repo versions in the
browser which would be super cool and
the it's this close to being ready ready
to go and merge it just needs a few few
polishing I think and the natural
progression of that work is to then
write a write a migration for the repo
and one of the things that I know
eventually needs to be done is migrate
the repo to using multi ashes instead of
C
IDs and so I think the the idea of
putting it here was just to kind of
raise awareness of of the fact that this
now exists and thank you Adam for
sorting it out but also the we could now
start we could do this migration and
maybe get it done and so the idea was to
do it with a new repo version have a
migration in place to do that and we
just wanted to check with the NGO side
of T of things doing a reaper migration
for this incrementing the version number
was kind of a good way to go or if we
wanted like I mean an alternative could
be to do it like you know as we go like
we continue to go along and we yep we
would like to do migration there are two
outstanding issues that we never really
finally finish one is at fist raps local
is cred expects return C IDs we have to
make the mature like raw block see IDs
so pipette to retain compatibility order
molting hashes but then they may prevent
people correct the second issue is that
provider records you tease wrong all the
hashes they correctly you see IDs and
not just a change where if I make the
network and it may bring some things but
luckily 90s on the content is still CATV
zero so it was just magical work but the
longer moving on this the more painful
things get so we should do this can
unfortunately have no one working on
this currently go
but if J it starts meeting on this like
I'll just make sure that happens it go
so basically one side to start pushing
on this and then the other side I think
we'll just follow you have a sense with
the with the refs cold the problem there
is that you will have added them in
different versions but your output might
change you might get a different yeah
the problem there is you will forget the
first you'll forget the SE ID type so
like if this if the data store just
stores up their blogs
there's no get plots you don't know who
that codec anymore
so some walking to destroy sir yeah
Gotha although actually the wax local
may be fine is that no no yeah that's
all yeah that's all your local blocks
yeah no so that would look like pins are
fine because pins we saw that the codec
but for just like arbitrary blocks that
we happen to have especially because
like with the way providers work we like
we don't record this information it's
kind of annoying now we do have some
work in I profess like record providers
so that we could then expose this as my
diskeeper the CID but that actually like
that's the exact opposite of what we
want from like a CID D 1 v 2 perspective
we're like for that perspective we
really want to just provide the old a
hash so we don't care what CID look in
the eye no we just look up the data and
interpret lovely okay so we need a some
sort of sedation for ya refs is pretty
easy I think we can just like return
route CID is just return base 30 to see
you 18 feet one for like like roblox so
because yeah like yes it'll be breaking
but it's technically correct and it's
less breaking than just returning like
Rommel dashes well let's keep using
different walk rubble this is the pose
like a romualda hash is also a valid ab1
CID which I think will confuse users
more than is returning like Rossy IDs
okay I don't know but essentially the
like having a repo migration in place
would be a good good idea and we need we
yeah if we do we need some sort of
solution for refs even if it is just
actually print out yeah but before we do
the roof migration we'll have to have a
solution for a certain place and we will
also have to switch over providing to
providing Rossi ideas which will require
a bunch of changes for non-star but I
think like if one side starts pushing on
this I think vos I will follow so one
invitation for so that's what the open
food-ish will follow so as long as
someone starts working on this
applicable but take off finally
Adam do you have any questions or want
to you want to ask about this while
you're here yeah I also I'll have to dig
into covert about this and think if you
understand and implications that I
didn't really have any questions on the
moment yeah the main implications at
least and goes like pipes everywhere oh
yeah so like we have to now change all
the I guess actually may be easier and
go because we have like Claire type so
we can easily change things but yeah
basically everything that was the CID
will now be mostly hash but when you get
into the block store so I mean I guess
we can also start moving forward on this
and go
I'll start moving for this on this in
the content reading go it seems possible
that we can get that first to think that
is like the hard dependency for all this
getting assembly contrib running once we
have done in content routing then we can
start migrating everything else
eternally okay any other questions on
this or can afford okay design of you
proposals we currently have two yeah
Lydon yep so there's a very short
proposal to allow like in web browsers
we will need to have a own protocol
handler that stays in location bar and
the idea is that the idea is to allow
DNS link under ipfs protocol handler as
well as like write the initial initially
had like ipfs protocol handler for
immutable content and separate IP NS
handler for immutable sorry for mutable
so the idea was one-to-one mapping from
paths like ipfs paths and IP address box
however we may have
other naming systems and in general
mixing DNS link under IP NS namespace
turned out to be problematic for us so
the idea is to simplify UX in web
browser by allowing DNS link under ipfs
protocol handler which is sort of what
people would expect I'm not sure if I
did a good job now for explaining it but
I think I made a better job in the issue
I linked so if anyone is interested in
how we would load websites in browsers
which support ipfs protocol handler
natively would be very useful to have
multiple points of view in that
particular well I think I think the
witness now is everyone reads the issue
reads the discussion for request and
then we schedule a call where we can all
get on it and like make a final decision
in say okay like regroup these are all
the arguments we've had this is the
current state of things where we're
going if you are interested please put
your name down or attendees I know we
can schedule I'll send an email on that
and we can organize a call there okay
anything else on that before I move on
okay next one final decision on death in
as a TLD in DNS link the basic idea here
is the DNS wants to be able to go to
like Sasha hi P and s slash something
got eath and have the automatically
redirect to use the link because they
don't have a TLD because I can is like
you know so yeah the real Italian
question here is really like we want to
do this I do want to do some other wakes
ideally we would have everything like
slash something really big /e / GN s
link / whatever but that that just
because the way
wants to work they want to interoperate
with DNS and like how does this
basically actually watching you to be
able to like go do something dot eat
instead of something calm and it to
serve magic that works even without the
custom protocol and so that ability we
may just once for this anyways even if
we also end up somebody supporting an
explicit slash
eighth or eighth colon slash slash so if
anyone's interested in its discussion
making a decision on this please put
your name down yeah and then we can make
a final decision to basically do we want
to redirect it to dot you thought link
in Gina's like that's that's the name is
a resolution wat here okay those the to
design review proposals I will set up
meetings for both blockers asks nothing
ok parking lot yeah this is more just
like a poll to see if anyone by chance
has context on this something that came
up over in IPL deal and is you know file
coin as a go IPL BC for its main
encoding and that with a new binary
decoding encoding and decoding and I
turned out they were incompatible
because in IPL DC bore when it encodes C
IDs in in binary it puts a single zero
in front of them and it's a the comments
is something about this is a hack until
we support binary multi base and I have
no idea all the way back to 2017 I was
just wondering if maybe anyone on the
call had any context for that we are
seeking
yeah just just look and that zero is a
magic number that just happens to exist
there that's just treated like that so
the problem is that technically to the
original EC IDs always been well they
always have multi base yeah but like in
everywhere else where we use them we
don't always use multi base because like
with the extra service what extra space
if we know that it's going to minor yeah
so just like just treat it as a quirk of
that format where the CID is zero bite
CID I'm sorry
now it's cool it's just now the virus is
spreading to the the new go I feel the
prime so this is just a feature of I
mean just find somewhere and documented
and proactively message to people but
there's this weird random quirk it's in
the Seaboard spec I believe or so the
ability more slack well it was unless it
was deleted hard you know I need to I'll
track it down I'll see if it's there if
it is that'll be really yeah so he could
have Locklear codex then I could see
poor link format I could of using raw
binary yeah it explicitly says yeah link
sarkodie use the raw binary identity
multi base until the byte string type to
you know including both your work
reasons it should be more explicit
explain why this is very cryptic and
hard to read if you understand what
you're talking about
did you think if you are to fix that
yeah I understand what we can prop up
line this is not needed to be in this
call
yeah no this is reasons okay oh okay
anyone else have anything else they want
to talk about in parking lot other
questions other historical works they've
noticed uh I guess just uh maybe maybe
silly question I found like whatever a
little while ago a boggy and like the
gullet PAP testing stuff that like
wasn't gonna work on Windows because it
like timing resolution and feels like
maybe is there like a way we can do CI
testing that also does Windows alright
so I think you wanted this is circle
I can't reverb what the status of
Windows is like they were working on
Windows support I'm not sure if they've
gotten it yet like if not we can always
like use a play or something like that
but that just means I can figure out it
for all her many many repositories this
is advice switching CI system so such an
interesting task let's see so they have
ICU release my first saying early access
for Windows okay so if we can get into
that program that would be awesome and
we could use this as an excuse to also
switch all of the video or circle
because circle has a lot of wonderful
features that Travis does not have and
it would be nice to use circle for this
you go ahead and yes hello sorry uh
meanwhile we have had some issues on the
jet lag we couldn't run our windows in
Travis and we have kind of a special
setup for the HP to run their tests in
Windows Azure dev ops so it is not like
complete like if you don't want to run
all the way posing with these fists as
you talked about if it's was just a
small percentage of things
I can I help you set up as if while we
await for circles yet but if you want to
roll out to all the ripples I'd rather
wait because I mean so it may make sense
to do this for just kill the p2p like
the master ego I'm not sure you can talk
thinking about that I like in general I
would like to switch to circle also cuz
like to have these they since they got
warps the driver likely is where you can
like share configs between multiple
repositories and the club from the
center location we're currently doing
this via hack but they also have a
really nice comparable ism but you can
just like make a bunch of those steps
they're all going parallel automatically
and this is how we mask first bit of our
contestants are all yeah that's why I
said if you want to roll out to all the
ripples but it just wait for just one or
two to make sure doing those words can
you go out to be the other verbs like I
mean I I don't know if it's like people
have more experience with working with
DCI tools probably no no more than more
than more than I do this one this is
sort of flag it as like this is
something that was like pretty easily
avoidable if we had had this anyone in
the stock at least on the p2p side I
think we're already in the windows
access early access plan
we should check with Marcus because I
think it may already be set up for us we
would just need to do it with our
existing circle CI that would be awesome
okay okay that's it for the parking lot
anything else this is the other other
section nope then I guess we have 15
more minutes we can work late I will try
to schedule the to soundview's and have
a nice week